chore: add Js string methods transcript (#58897)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-common-string-methods/67326c3c3ab931c644cea05b.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

How can you trim whitespace from a string?

When working with strings in JavaScript, it's common to encounter unwanted whitespace at the beginning or end of a string. Whitespace can interfere with operations like comparison, storage, or display, which is why it's important to know how to remove it efficiently.

> In this lecture, we’ll explore how you can trim whitespace using JavaScript’s `trim()`, `trimStart()`, and `trimEnd()` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lecture, we'll explore how you can trim whitespace using JavaScript's `trim()`, `trimStart()`, and `trimEnd()` methods.
```

Whitespace refers to spaces, tabs, or line breaks that occur in a string but are not visible characters. For example:

```js
let greeting = "   Hello, world!   ";
```

In this case, there are spaces before and after the visible text, `"Hello, world!"`.

> The `trim()` method is the most commonly used way to remove whitespace from both the beginning and the end of a string.
> 
> Here’s an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `trim()` method is the most commonly used way to remove whitespace from both the beginning and the end of a string. Here's an example:
```
